
Admin
1.Anyway Admin should have all the rights Operators have and have detailed statistics on total users, total operators,
 total projects, total projects per Operator, total projects per category, total featured projects and
 also total featured projects per Operator
2.Also Admin can set project as featured project
3.Admin can block a member, delete user account

Operator
1. Publish new project (name, code, cost, description, ) like in Admin account;
2. Request from Admin to set a project like featured project;//no
3. Receive Messages and reply. Meaning Messages related to projects publish by that Operator
4. See statistics related to its projects
5. (If possible) Create sub-accounts for its agents managing its projects as Customer care or project publishers

[5:23:14 PM] EDIATTAH: If they make featured projects directly, we could not charge them for it. The App is free. But we want to monetize with featured projects.
[5:23:23 PM] EDIATTAH: But no worry.
[5:23:32 PM] EDIATTAH: Let Operator create featured projects.
[5:23:56 PM] EDIATTAH: But one thing important, please to set featured project duration.
[5:24:26 PM] EDIATTAH: I mean a project can be activated as featured project for a limited time
[5:24:39 PM] EDIATTAH: i.e: 1week, 1month, etc.
[5:25:23 PM] EDIATTAH: So when setting a project as featured project, there must be possibility to select: From dd/mm/yy to dd/mm/yy
[5:26:17 PM] EDIATTAH: When the time expires, the project is removed from featured project database and published on general projects list

12.12---------------
As for projects "Category" why not make a list to select from?
I mean when publishing anew project
Missing, possibility to upload Operator Image/Logo in the Operator Profile
Country name and country code

Maybe we will create in sending message form, message optional subjects like: Subscription issue, unsubscription issue, Billing issue, Suggestion, Congratulation, other complaint
this way you set programmatically, message priority according to subjects of the message
everything related to issues are high priority
suggestions are medium
and congratulations or tips are low priority
So subjects are:
1.Subscription issue
2. Unsubcription issue
3. Billing issue
4. Other issue
5. Suggestion
6. Congratulations
7. Tips
8. Question

I think, of Something like this when sending message:
1. Select the project as subject
2. Select your concern (i.e: the 8 points)
3. Add your comment (limit to 320 characters)
4. Send